C:\Users\Hussain\Desktop\BlogAPI\bin\Debug\net7.0\appsettings.Development.json
C:\Users\Hussain\Desktop\BlogAPI\bin\Debug\net7.0\appsettings.json
C:\Users\Hussain\Desktop\BlogAPI\bin\Debug\net7.0\BlogAPI.exe
C:\Users\Hussain\Desktop\BlogAPI\bin\Debug\net7.0\BlogAPI.deps.json
C:\Users\Hussain\Desktop\BlogAPI\bin\Debug\net7.0\BlogAPI.runtimeconfig.json
C:\Users\Hussain\Desktop\BlogAPI\bin\Debug\net7.0\BlogAPI.dll
C:\Users\Hussain\Desktop\BlogAPI\bin\Debug\net7.0\BlogAPI.pdb
C:\Users\Hussain\Desktop\BlogAPI\bin\Debug\net7.0\Microsoft.AspNetCore.OpenApi.dll
C:\Users\Hussain\Desktop\BlogAPI\bin\Debug\net7.0\Microsoft.OpenApi.dll
C:\Users\Hussain\Desktop\BlogAPI\bin\Debug\net7.0\Swashbuckle.AspNetCore.Swagger.dll
C:\Users\Hussain\Desktop\BlogAPI\bin\Debug\net7.0\Swashbuckle.AspNetCore.SwaggerGen.dll
C:\Users\Hussain\Desktop\BlogAPI\bin\Debug\net7.0\Swashbuckle.AspNetCore.SwaggerUI.dll
C:\Users\Hussain\Desktop\BlogAPI\obj\Debug\net7.0\BlogAPI.csproj.AssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\Hussain\Desktop\BlogAPI\obj\Debug\net7.0\BlogAPI.GeneratedMSBuildEditorConfig.editorconfig
C:\Users\Hussain\Desktop\BlogAPI\obj\Debug\net7.0\BlogAPI.AssemblyInfoInputs.cache
C:\Users\Hussain\Desktop\BlogAPI\obj\Debug\net7.0\BlogAPI.AssemblyInfo.cs
C:\Users\Hussain\Desktop\BlogAPI\obj\Debug\net7.0\BlogAPI.csproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
C:\Users\Hussain\Desktop\BlogAPI\obj\Debug\net7.0\BlogAPI.MvcApplicationPartsAssemblyInfo.cs
C:\Users\Hussain\Desktop\BlogAPI\obj\Debug\net7.0\BlogAPI.MvcApplicationPartsAssemblyInfo.cache
C:\Users\Hussain\Desktop\BlogAPI\obj\Debug\net7.0\staticwebassets\msbuild.BlogAPI.Microsoft.AspNetCore.StaticWebAssets.props
C:\Users\Hussain\Desktop\BlogAPI\obj\Debug\net7.0\staticwebassets\msbuild.build.BlogAPI.props
C:\Users\Hussain\Desktop\BlogAPI\obj\Debug\net7.0\staticwebassets\msbuild.buildMultiTargeting.BlogAPI.props
C:\Users\Hussain\Desktop\BlogAPI\obj\Debug\net7.0\staticwebassets\msbuild.buildTransitive.BlogAPI.props
C:\Users\Hussain\Desktop\BlogAPI\obj\Debug\net7.0\staticwebassets.pack.json
C:\Users\Hussain\Desktop\BlogAPI\obj\Debug\net7.0\staticwebassets.build.json
C:\Users\Hussain\Desktop\BlogAPI\obj\Debug\net7.0\staticwebassets.development.json
C:\Users\Hussain\Desktop\BlogAPI\obj\Debug\net7.0\scopedcss\bundle\BlogAPI.styles.css
C:\Users\Hussain\Desktop\BlogAPI\obj\Debug\net7.0\BlogAPI.csproj.CopyComplete
C:\Users\Hussain\Desktop\BlogAPI\obj\Debug\net7.0\BlogAPI.dll
C:\Users\Hussain\Desktop\BlogAPI\obj\Debug\net7.0\refint\BlogAPI.dll
C:\Users\Hussain\Desktop\BlogAPI\obj\Debug\net7.0\BlogAPI.pdb
C:\Users\Hussain\Desktop\BlogAPI\obj\Debug\net7.0\BlogAPI.genruntimeconfig.cache
C:\Users\Hussain\Desktop\BlogAPI\obj\Debug\net7.0\ref\BlogAPI.dll
C:\Users\Hussain\Desktop\BlogAPI\bin\Debug\net7.0\AutoMapper.dll
C:\Users\Hussain\Desktop\BlogAPI\bin\Debug\net7.0\AutoMapper.Extensions.Microsoft.DependencyInjection.dll
C:\Users\Hussain\Desktop\BlogAPI\bin\Debug\net7.0\Azure.Core.dll
C:\Users\Hussain\Desktop\BlogAPI\bin\Debug\net7.0\Azure.Identity.dll
C:\Users\Hussain\Desktop\BlogAPI\bin\Debug\net7.0\Humanizer.dll
C:\Users\Hussain\Desktop\BlogAPI\bin\Debug\net7.0\Microsoft.Bcl.AsyncInterfaces.dll
C:\Users\Hussain\Desktop\BlogAPI\bin\Debug\net7.0\Microsoft.Data.SqlClient.dll
C:\Users\Hussain\Desktop\BlogAPI\bin\Debug\net7.0\Microsoft.EntityFrameworkCore.dll
C:\Users\Hussain\Desktop\BlogAPI\bin\Debug\net7.0\Microsoft.EntityFrameworkCore.Abstractions.dll
C:\Users\Hussain\Desktop\BlogAPI\bin\Debug\net7.0\Microsoft.EntityFrameworkCore.Design.dll
C:\Users\Hussain\Desktop\BlogAPI\bin\Debug\net7.0\Microsoft.EntityFrameworkCore.Relational.dll
C:\Users\Hussain\Desktop\BlogAPI\bin\Debug\net7.0\Microsoft.EntityFrameworkCore.SqlServer.dll
C:\Users\Hussain\Desktop\BlogAPI\bin\Debug\net7.0\Microsoft.Extensions.DependencyModel.dll
C:\Users\Hussain\Desktop\BlogAPI\bin\Debug\net7.0\Microsoft.Identity.Client.dll
C:\Users\Hussain\Desktop\BlogAPI\bin\Debug\net7.0\Microsoft.Identity.Client.Extensions.Msal.dll
C:\Users\Hussain\Desktop\BlogAPI\bin\Debug\net7.0\Microsoft.IdentityModel.Abstractions.dll
C:\Users\Hussain\Desktop\BlogAPI\bin\Debug\net7.0\Microsoft.IdentityModel.JsonWebTokens.dll
C:\Users\Hussain\Desktop\BlogAPI\bin\Debug\net7.0\Microsoft.IdentityModel.Logging.dll
C:\Users\Hussain\Desktop\BlogAPI\bin\Debug\net7.0\Microsoft.IdentityModel.Protocols.dll
C:\Users\Hussain\Desktop\BlogAPI\bin\Debug\net7.0\Microsoft.IdentityModel.Protocols.OpenIdConnect.dll
C:\Users\Hussain\Desktop\BlogAPI\bin\Debug\net7.0\Microsoft.IdentityModel.Tokens.dll
C:\Users\Hussain\Desktop\BlogAPI\bin\Debug\net7.0\Microsoft.SqlServer.Server.dll
C:\Users\Hussain\Desktop\BlogAPI\bin\Debug\net7.0\Microsoft.Win32.SystemEvents.dll
C:\Users\Hussain\Desktop\BlogAPI\bin\Debug\net7.0\Mono.TextTemplating.dll
C:\Users\Hussain\Desktop\BlogAPI\bin\Debug\net7.0\Npgsql.dll
C:\Users\Hussain\Desktop\BlogAPI\bin\Debug\net7.0\Npgsql.EntityFrameworkCore.PostgreSQL.dll
C:\Users\Hussain\Desktop\BlogAPI\bin\Debug\net7.0\System.CodeDom.dll
C:\Users\Hussain\Desktop\BlogAPI\bin\Debug\net7.0\System.Configuration.ConfigurationManager.dll
C:\Users\Hussain\Desktop\BlogAPI\bin\Debug\net7.0\System.Drawing.Common.dll
C:\Users\Hussain\Desktop\BlogAPI\bin\Debug\net7.0\System.IdentityModel.Tokens.Jwt.dll
C:\Users\Hussain\Desktop\BlogAPI\bin\Debug\net7.0\System.Memory.Data.dll
C:\Users\Hussain\Desktop\BlogAPI\bin\Debug\net7.0\System.Runtime.Caching.dll
C:\Users\Hussain\Desktop\BlogAPI\bin\Debug\net7.0\System.Security.Cryptography.ProtectedData.dll
C:\Users\Hussain\Desktop\BlogAPI\bin\Debug\net7.0\System.Security.Permissions.dll
C:\Users\Hussain\Desktop\BlogAPI\bin\Debug\net7.0\System.Windows.Extensions.dll
C:\Users\Hussain\Desktop\BlogAPI\bin\Debug\net7.0\runtimes\unix\lib\net6.0\Microsoft.Data.SqlClient.dll
C:\Users\Hussain\Desktop\BlogAPI\bin\Debug\net7.0\runtimes\win\lib\net6.0\Microsoft.Data.SqlClient.dll
C:\Users\Hussain\Desktop\BlogAPI\bin\Debug\net7.0\runtimes\win-arm\native\Microsoft.Data.SqlClient.SNI.dll
C:\Users\Hussain\Desktop\BlogAPI\bin\Debug\net7.0\runtimes\win-arm64\native\Microsoft.Data.SqlClient.SNI.dll
C:\Users\Hussain\Desktop\BlogAPI\bin\Debug\net7.0\runtimes\win-x64\native\Microsoft.Data.SqlClient.SNI.dll
C:\Users\Hussain\Desktop\BlogAPI\bin\Debug\net7.0\runtimes\win-x86\native\Microsoft.Data.SqlClient.SNI.dll
C:\Users\Hussain\Desktop\BlogAPI\bin\Debug\net7.0\runtimes\win\lib\net6.0\Microsoft.Win32.SystemEvents.dll
C:\Users\Hussain\Desktop\BlogAPI\bin\Debug\net7.0\runtimes\unix\lib\net6.0\System.Drawing.Common.dll
C:\Users\Hussain\Desktop\BlogAPI\bin\Debug\net7.0\runtimes\win\lib\net6.0\System.Drawing.Common.dll
C:\Users\Hussain\Desktop\BlogAPI\bin\Debug\net7.0\runtimes\win\lib\net6.0\System.Runtime.Caching.dll
C:\Users\Hussain\Desktop\BlogAPI\bin\Debug\net7.0\runtimes\win\lib\net6.0\System.Security.Cryptography.ProtectedData.dll
C:\Users\Hussain\Desktop\BlogAPI\bin\Debug\net7.0\runtimes\win\lib\net6.0\System.Windows.Extensions.dll
C:\Users\Hussain\Desktop\BlogAPI\bin\Debug\net7.0\Microsoft.AspNetCore.Authentication.JwtBearer.dll
C:\Users\Hussain\Desktop\server\BlogAPI\bin\Debug\net7.0\appsettings.Development.json
C:\Users\Hussain\Desktop\server\BlogAPI\bin\Debug\net7.0\appsettings.json
C:\Users\Hussain\Desktop\server\BlogAPI\bin\Debug\net7.0\BlogAPI.exe
C:\Users\Hussain\Desktop\server\BlogAPI\bin\Debug\net7.0\BlogAPI.deps.json
C:\Users\Hussain\Desktop\server\BlogAPI\bin\Debug\net7.0\BlogAPI.runtimeconfig.json
C:\Users\Hussain\Desktop\server\BlogAPI\bin\Debug\net7.0\BlogAPI.dll
C:\Users\Hussain\Desktop\server\BlogAPI\bin\Debug\net7.0\BlogAPI.pdb
C:\Users\Hussain\Desktop\server\BlogAPI\bin\Debug\net7.0\AutoMapper.dll
C:\Users\Hussain\Desktop\server\BlogAPI\bin\Debug\net7.0\AutoMapper.Extensions.Microsoft.DependencyInjection.dll
C:\Users\Hussain\Desktop\server\BlogAPI\bin\Debug\net7.0\Azure.Core.dll
C:\Users\Hussain\Desktop\server\BlogAPI\bin\Debug\net7.0\Azure.Identity.dll
C:\Users\Hussain\Desktop\server\BlogAPI\bin\Debug\net7.0\Humanizer.dll
C:\Users\Hussain\Desktop\server\BlogAPI\bin\Debug\net7.0\Microsoft.AspNetCore.Authentication.JwtBearer.dll
C:\Users\Hussain\Desktop\server\BlogAPI\bin\Debug\net7.0\Microsoft.AspNetCore.OpenApi.dll
C:\Users\Hussain\Desktop\server\BlogAPI\bin\Debug\net7.0\Microsoft.Bcl.AsyncInterfaces.dll
C:\Users\Hussain\Desktop\server\BlogAPI\bin\Debug\net7.0\Microsoft.Data.SqlClient.dll
C:\Users\Hussain\Desktop\server\BlogAPI\bin\Debug\net7.0\Microsoft.EntityFrameworkCore.dll
C:\Users\Hussain\Desktop\server\BlogAPI\bin\Debug\net7.0\Microsoft.EntityFrameworkCore.Abstractions.dll
C:\Users\Hussain\Desktop\server\BlogAPI\bin\Debug\net7.0\Microsoft.EntityFrameworkCore.Design.dll
C:\Users\Hussain\Desktop\server\BlogAPI\bin\Debug\net7.0\Microsoft.EntityFrameworkCore.Relational.dll
C:\Users\Hussain\Desktop\server\BlogAPI\bin\Debug\net7.0\Microsoft.EntityFrameworkCore.SqlServer.dll
C:\Users\Hussain\Desktop\server\BlogAPI\bin\Debug\net7.0\Microsoft.Extensions.DependencyModel.dll
C:\Users\Hussain\Desktop\server\BlogAPI\bin\Debug\net7.0\Microsoft.Identity.Client.dll
C:\Users\Hussain\Desktop\server\BlogAPI\bin\Debug\net7.0\Microsoft.Identity.Client.Extensions.Msal.dll
C:\Users\Hussain\Desktop\server\BlogAPI\bin\Debug\net7.0\Microsoft.IdentityModel.Abstractions.dll
C:\Users\Hussain\Desktop\server\BlogAPI\bin\Debug\net7.0\Microsoft.IdentityModel.JsonWebTokens.dll
C:\Users\Hussain\Desktop\server\BlogAPI\bin\Debug\net7.0\Microsoft.IdentityModel.Logging.dll
C:\Users\Hussain\Desktop\server\BlogAPI\bin\Debug\net7.0\Microsoft.IdentityModel.Protocols.dll
C:\Users\Hussain\Desktop\server\BlogAPI\bin\Debug\net7.0\Microsoft.IdentityModel.Protocols.OpenIdConnect.dll
C:\Users\Hussain\Desktop\server\BlogAPI\bin\Debug\net7.0\Microsoft.IdentityModel.Tokens.dll
C:\Users\Hussain\Desktop\server\BlogAPI\bin\Debug\net7.0\Microsoft.OpenApi.dll
C:\Users\Hussain\Desktop\server\BlogAPI\bin\Debug\net7.0\Microsoft.SqlServer.Server.dll
C:\Users\Hussain\Desktop\server\BlogAPI\bin\Debug\net7.0\Microsoft.Win32.SystemEvents.dll
C:\Users\Hussain\Desktop\server\BlogAPI\bin\Debug\net7.0\Mono.TextTemplating.dll
C:\Users\Hussain\Desktop\server\BlogAPI\bin\Debug\net7.0\Npgsql.dll
C:\Users\Hussain\Desktop\server\BlogAPI\bin\Debug\net7.0\Npgsql.EntityFrameworkCore.PostgreSQL.dll
C:\Users\Hussain\Desktop\server\BlogAPI\bin\Debug\net7.0\Swashbuckle.AspNetCore.Swagger.dll
C:\Users\Hussain\Desktop\server\BlogAPI\bin\Debug\net7.0\Swashbuckle.AspNetCore.SwaggerGen.dll
C:\Users\Hussain\Desktop\server\BlogAPI\bin\Debug\net7.0\Swashbuckle.AspNetCore.SwaggerUI.dll
C:\Users\Hussain\Desktop\server\BlogAPI\bin\Debug\net7.0\System.CodeDom.dll
C:\Users\Hussain\Desktop\server\BlogAPI\bin\Debug\net7.0\System.Configuration.ConfigurationManager.dll
C:\Users\Hussain\Desktop\server\BlogAPI\bin\Debug\net7.0\System.Drawing.Common.dll
C:\Users\Hussain\Desktop\server\BlogAPI\bin\Debug\net7.0\System.IdentityModel.Tokens.Jwt.dll
C:\Users\Hussain\Desktop\server\BlogAPI\bin\Debug\net7.0\System.Memory.Data.dll
C:\Users\Hussain\Desktop\server\BlogAPI\bin\Debug\net7.0\System.Runtime.Caching.dll
C:\Users\Hussain\Desktop\server\BlogAPI\bin\Debug\net7.0\System.Security.Cryptography.ProtectedData.dll
C:\Users\Hussain\Desktop\server\BlogAPI\bin\Debug\net7.0\System.Security.Permissions.dll
C:\Users\Hussain\Desktop\server\BlogAPI\bin\Debug\net7.0\System.Windows.Extensions.dll
C:\Users\Hussain\Desktop\server\BlogAPI\bin\Debug\net7.0\runtimes\unix\lib\net6.0\Microsoft.Data.SqlClient.dll
C:\Users\Hussain\Desktop\server\BlogAPI\bin\Debug\net7.0\runtimes\win\lib\net6.0\Microsoft.Data.SqlClient.dll
C:\Users\Hussain\Desktop\server\BlogAPI\bin\Debug\net7.0\runtimes\win-arm\native\Microsoft.Data.SqlClient.SNI.dll
C:\Users\Hussain\Desktop\server\BlogAPI\bin\Debug\net7.0\runtimes\win-arm64\native\Microsoft.Data.SqlClient.SNI.dll
C:\Users\Hussain\Desktop\server\BlogAPI\bin\Debug\net7.0\runtimes\win-x64\native\Microsoft.Data.SqlClient.SNI.dll
C:\Users\Hussain\Desktop\server\BlogAPI\bin\Debug\net7.0\runtimes\win-x86\native\Microsoft.Data.SqlClient.SNI.dll
C:\Users\Hussain\Desktop\server\BlogAPI\bin\Debug\net7.0\runtimes\win\lib\net6.0\Microsoft.Win32.SystemEvents.dll
C:\Users\Hussain\Desktop\server\BlogAPI\bin\Debug\net7.0\runtimes\unix\lib\net6.0\System.Drawing.Common.dll
C:\Users\Hussain\Desktop\server\BlogAPI\bin\Debug\net7.0\runtimes\win\lib\net6.0\System.Drawing.Common.dll
C:\Users\Hussain\Desktop\server\BlogAPI\bin\Debug\net7.0\runtimes\win\lib\net6.0\System.Runtime.Caching.dll
C:\Users\Hussain\Desktop\server\BlogAPI\bin\Debug\net7.0\runtimes\win\lib\net6.0\System.Security.Cryptography.ProtectedData.dll
C:\Users\Hussain\Desktop\server\BlogAPI\bin\Debug\net7.0\runtimes\win\lib\net6.0\System.Windows.Extensions.dll
C:\Users\Hussain\Desktop\server\BlogAPI\obj\Debug\net7.0\BlogAPI.csproj.AssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\Hussain\Desktop\server\BlogAPI\obj\Debug\net7.0\BlogAPI.GeneratedMSBuildEditorConfig.editorconfig
C:\Users\Hussain\Desktop\server\BlogAPI\obj\Debug\net7.0\BlogAPI.AssemblyInfoInputs.cache
C:\Users\Hussain\Desktop\server\BlogAPI\obj\Debug\net7.0\BlogAPI.AssemblyInfo.cs
C:\Users\Hussain\Desktop\server\BlogAPI\obj\Debug\net7.0\BlogAPI.csproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
C:\Users\Hussain\Desktop\server\BlogAPI\obj\Debug\net7.0\BlogAPI.MvcApplicationPartsAssemblyInfo.cs
C:\Users\Hussain\Desktop\server\BlogAPI\obj\Debug\net7.0\BlogAPI.MvcApplicationPartsAssemblyInfo.cache
C:\Users\Hussain\Desktop\server\BlogAPI\obj\Debug\net7.0\staticwebassets\msbuild.BlogAPI.Microsoft.AspNetCore.StaticWebAssets.props
C:\Users\Hussain\Desktop\server\BlogAPI\obj\Debug\net7.0\staticwebassets\msbuild.build.BlogAPI.props
C:\Users\Hussain\Desktop\server\BlogAPI\obj\Debug\net7.0\staticwebassets\msbuild.buildMultiTargeting.BlogAPI.props
C:\Users\Hussain\Desktop\server\BlogAPI\obj\Debug\net7.0\staticwebassets\msbuild.buildTransitive.BlogAPI.props
C:\Users\Hussain\Desktop\server\BlogAPI\obj\Debug\net7.0\staticwebassets.pack.json
C:\Users\Hussain\Desktop\server\BlogAPI\obj\Debug\net7.0\staticwebassets.build.json
C:\Users\Hussain\Desktop\server\BlogAPI\obj\Debug\net7.0\staticwebassets.development.json
C:\Users\Hussain\Desktop\server\BlogAPI\obj\Debug\net7.0\scopedcss\bundle\BlogAPI.styles.css
C:\Users\Hussain\Desktop\server\BlogAPI\obj\Debug\net7.0\BlogAPI.csproj.CopyComplete
C:\Users\Hussain\Desktop\server\BlogAPI\obj\Debug\net7.0\BlogAPI.dll
C:\Users\Hussain\Desktop\server\BlogAPI\obj\Debug\net7.0\refint\BlogAPI.dll
C:\Users\Hussain\Desktop\server\BlogAPI\obj\Debug\net7.0\BlogAPI.pdb
C:\Users\Hussain\Desktop\server\BlogAPI\obj\Debug\net7.0\BlogAPI.genruntimeconfig.cache
C:\Users\Hussain\Desktop\server\BlogAPI\obj\Debug\net7.0\ref\BlogAPI.dll
C:\Users\Hussain\Desktop\server\BlogAPI\bin\Debug\net7.0\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
C:\Users\Hussain\Desktop\server\BlogAPI\bin\Debug\net7.0\System.Web.Http.dll
C:\Users\Hussain\Desktop\server\BlogAPI\bin\Debug\net7.0\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
C:\Users\Hussain\Desktop\server\BlogAPI\bin\Debug\net7.0\Newtonsoft.Json.Bson.dll
C:\Users\Hussain\Desktop\server\BlogAPI\bin\Debug\net7.0\BCrypt.Net-Next.dll
C:\Users\Hussain\Desktop\server\BlogAPI\bin\Debug\net7.0\BouncyCastle.Crypto.dll
c:\Users\PREETHI164\OneDrive\Desktop\Angular complete course\blog\BlogAPI\bin\Debug\net7.0\appsettings.Development.json
c:\Users\PREETHI164\OneDrive\Desktop\Angular complete course\blog\BlogAPI\bin\Debug\net7.0\appsettings.json
c:\Users\PREETHI164\OneDrive\Desktop\Angular complete course\blog\BlogAPI\bin\Debug\net7.0\BlogAPI.exe
c:\Users\PREETHI164\OneDrive\Desktop\Angular complete course\blog\BlogAPI\bin\Debug\net7.0\BlogAPI.deps.json
c:\Users\PREETHI164\OneDrive\Desktop\Angular complete course\blog\BlogAPI\bin\Debug\net7.0\BlogAPI.runtimeconfig.json
c:\Users\PREETHI164\OneDrive\Desktop\Angular complete course\blog\BlogAPI\bin\Debug\net7.0\BlogAPI.dll
c:\Users\PREETHI164\OneDrive\Desktop\Angular complete course\blog\BlogAPI\bin\Debug\net7.0\BlogAPI.pdb
c:\Users\PREETHI164\OneDrive\Desktop\Angular complete course\blog\BlogAPI\bin\Debug\net7.0\AutoMapper.dll
c:\Users\PREETHI164\OneDrive\Desktop\Angular complete course\blog\BlogAPI\bin\Debug\net7.0\AutoMapper.Extensions.Microsoft.DependencyInjection.dll
c:\Users\PREETHI164\OneDrive\Desktop\Angular complete course\blog\BlogAPI\bin\Debug\net7.0\Azure.Core.dll
c:\Users\PREETHI164\OneDrive\Desktop\Angular complete course\blog\BlogAPI\bin\Debug\net7.0\Azure.Identity.dll
c:\Users\PREETHI164\OneDrive\Desktop\Angular complete course\blog\BlogAPI\bin\Debug\net7.0\BCrypt.Net-Next.dll
c:\Users\PREETHI164\OneDrive\Desktop\Angular complete course\blog\BlogAPI\bin\Debug\net7.0\Humanizer.dll
c:\Users\PREETHI164\OneDrive\Desktop\Angular complete course\blog\BlogAPI\bin\Debug\net7.0\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
c:\Users\PREETHI164\OneDrive\Desktop\Angular complete course\blog\BlogAPI\bin\Debug\net7.0\System.Web.Http.dll
c:\Users\PREETHI164\OneDrive\Desktop\Angular complete course\blog\BlogAPI\bin\Debug\net7.0\Microsoft.AspNetCore.Authentication.JwtBearer.dll
c:\Users\PREETHI164\OneDrive\Desktop\Angular complete course\blog\BlogAPI\bin\Debug\net7.0\Microsoft.AspNetCore.OpenApi.dll
c:\Users\PREETHI164\OneDrive\Desktop\Angular complete course\blog\BlogAPI\bin\Debug\net7.0\Microsoft.Bcl.AsyncInterfaces.dll
c:\Users\PREETHI164\OneDrive\Desktop\Angular complete course\blog\BlogAPI\bin\Debug\net7.0\Microsoft.Data.SqlClient.dll
c:\Users\PREETHI164\OneDrive\Desktop\Angular complete course\blog\BlogAPI\bin\Debug\net7.0\Microsoft.EntityFrameworkCore.dll
c:\Users\PREETHI164\OneDrive\Desktop\Angular complete course\blog\BlogAPI\bin\Debug\net7.0\Microsoft.EntityFrameworkCore.Abstractions.dll
c:\Users\PREETHI164\OneDrive\Desktop\Angular complete course\blog\BlogAPI\bin\Debug\net7.0\Microsoft.EntityFrameworkCore.Design.dll
c:\Users\PREETHI164\OneDrive\Desktop\Angular complete course\blog\BlogAPI\bin\Debug\net7.0\Microsoft.EntityFrameworkCore.Relational.dll
c:\Users\PREETHI164\OneDrive\Desktop\Angular complete course\blog\BlogAPI\bin\Debug\net7.0\Microsoft.EntityFrameworkCore.SqlServer.dll
c:\Users\PREETHI164\OneDrive\Desktop\Angular complete course\blog\BlogAPI\bin\Debug\net7.0\Microsoft.Extensions.DependencyModel.dll
c:\Users\PREETHI164\OneDrive\Desktop\Angular complete course\blog\BlogAPI\bin\Debug\net7.0\Microsoft.Identity.Client.dll
c:\Users\PREETHI164\OneDrive\Desktop\Angular complete course\blog\BlogAPI\bin\Debug\net7.0\Microsoft.Identity.Client.Extensions.Msal.dll
c:\Users\PREETHI164\OneDrive\Desktop\Angular complete course\blog\BlogAPI\bin\Debug\net7.0\Microsoft.IdentityModel.Abstractions.dll
c:\Users\PREETHI164\OneDrive\Desktop\Angular complete course\blog\BlogAPI\bin\Debug\net7.0\Microsoft.IdentityModel.JsonWebTokens.dll
c:\Users\PREETHI164\OneDrive\Desktop\Angular complete course\blog\BlogAPI\bin\Debug\net7.0\Microsoft.IdentityModel.Logging.dll
c:\Users\PREETHI164\OneDrive\Desktop\Angular complete course\blog\BlogAPI\bin\Debug\net7.0\Microsoft.IdentityModel.Protocols.dll
c:\Users\PREETHI164\OneDrive\Desktop\Angular complete course\blog\BlogAPI\bin\Debug\net7.0\Microsoft.IdentityModel.Protocols.OpenIdConnect.dll
c:\Users\PREETHI164\OneDrive\Desktop\Angular complete course\blog\BlogAPI\bin\Debug\net7.0\Microsoft.IdentityModel.Tokens.dll
c:\Users\PREETHI164\OneDrive\Desktop\Angular complete course\blog\BlogAPI\bin\Debug\net7.0\Microsoft.OpenApi.dll
c:\Users\PREETHI164\OneDrive\Desktop\Angular complete course\blog\BlogAPI\bin\Debug\net7.0\Microsoft.SqlServer.Server.dll
c:\Users\PREETHI164\OneDrive\Desktop\Angular complete course\blog\BlogAPI\bin\Debug\net7.0\Microsoft.Win32.SystemEvents.dll
c:\Users\PREETHI164\OneDrive\Desktop\Angular complete course\blog\BlogAPI\bin\Debug\net7.0\Mono.TextTemplating.dll
c:\Users\PREETHI164\OneDrive\Desktop\Angular complete course\blog\BlogAPI\bin\Debug\net7.0\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\Users\PREETHI164\OneDrive\Desktop\Angular complete course\blog\BlogAPI\bin\Debug\net7.0\Newtonsoft.Json.Bson.dll
c:\Users\PREETHI164\OneDrive\Desktop\Angular complete course\blog\BlogAPI\bin\Debug\net7.0\Npgsql.dll
c:\Users\PREETHI164\OneDrive\Desktop\Angular complete course\blog\BlogAPI\bin\Debug\net7.0\Npgsql.EntityFrameworkCore.PostgreSQL.dll
c:\Users\PREETHI164\OneDrive\Desktop\Angular complete course\blog\BlogAPI\bin\Debug\net7.0\BouncyCastle.Crypto.dll
c:\Users\PREETHI164\OneDrive\Desktop\Angular complete course\blog\BlogAPI\bin\Debug\net7.0\Swashbuckle.AspNetCore.Swagger.dll
c:\Users\PREETHI164\OneDrive\Desktop\Angular complete course\blog\BlogAPI\bin\Debug\net7.0\Swashbuckle.AspNetCore.SwaggerGen.dll
c:\Users\PREETHI164\OneDrive\Desktop\Angular complete course\blog\BlogAPI\bin\Debug\net7.0\Swashbuckle.AspNetCore.SwaggerUI.dll
c:\Users\PREETHI164\OneDrive\Desktop\Angular complete course\blog\BlogAPI\bin\Debug\net7.0\System.CodeDom.dll
c:\Users\PREETHI164\OneDrive\Desktop\Angular complete course\blog\BlogAPI\bin\Debug\net7.0\System.Configuration.ConfigurationManager.dll
c:\Users\PREETHI164\OneDrive\Desktop\Angular complete course\blog\BlogAPI\bin\Debug\net7.0\System.Drawing.Common.dll
c:\Users\PREETHI164\OneDrive\Desktop\Angular complete course\blog\BlogAPI\bin\Debug\net7.0\System.IdentityModel.Tokens.Jwt.dll
c:\Users\PREETHI164\OneDrive\Desktop\Angular complete course\blog\BlogAPI\bin\Debug\net7.0\System.Memory.Data.dll
c:\Users\PREETHI164\OneDrive\Desktop\Angular complete course\blog\BlogAPI\bin\Debug\net7.0\System.Runtime.Caching.dll
c:\Users\PREETHI164\OneDrive\Desktop\Angular complete course\blog\BlogAPI\bin\Debug\net7.0\System.Security.Cryptography.ProtectedData.dll
c:\Users\PREETHI164\OneDrive\Desktop\Angular complete course\blog\BlogAPI\bin\Debug\net7.0\System.Security.Permissions.dll
c:\Users\PREETHI164\OneDrive\Desktop\Angular complete course\blog\BlogAPI\bin\Debug\net7.0\System.Windows.Extensions.dll
c:\Users\PREETHI164\OneDrive\Desktop\Angular complete course\blog\BlogAPI\bin\Debug\net7.0\runtimes\unix\lib\net6.0\Microsoft.Data.SqlClient.dll
c:\Users\PREETHI164\OneDrive\Desktop\Angular complete course\blog\BlogAPI\bin\Debug\net7.0\runtimes\win\lib\net6.0\Microsoft.Data.SqlClient.dll
c:\Users\PREETHI164\OneDrive\Desktop\Angular complete course\blog\BlogAPI\bin\Debug\net7.0\runtimes\win-arm\native\Microsoft.Data.SqlClient.SNI.dll
c:\Users\PREETHI164\OneDrive\Desktop\Angular complete course\blog\BlogAPI\bin\Debug\net7.0\runtimes\win-arm64\native\Microsoft.Data.SqlClient.SNI.dll
c:\Users\PREETHI164\OneDrive\Desktop\Angular complete course\blog\BlogAPI\bin\Debug\net7.0\runtimes\win-x64\native\Microsoft.Data.SqlClient.SNI.dll
c:\Users\PREETHI164\OneDrive\Desktop\Angular complete course\blog\BlogAPI\bin\Debug\net7.0\runtimes\win-x86\native\Microsoft.Data.SqlClient.SNI.dll
c:\Users\PREETHI164\OneDrive\Desktop\Angular complete course\blog\BlogAPI\bin\Debug\net7.0\runtimes\win\lib\net6.0\Microsoft.Win32.SystemEvents.dll
c:\Users\PREETHI164\OneDrive\Desktop\Angular complete course\blog\BlogAPI\bin\Debug\net7.0\runtimes\unix\lib\net6.0\System.Drawing.Common.dll
c:\Users\PREETHI164\OneDrive\Desktop\Angular complete course\blog\BlogAPI\bin\Debug\net7.0\runtimes\win\lib\net6.0\System.Drawing.Common.dll
c:\Users\PREETHI164\OneDrive\Desktop\Angular complete course\blog\BlogAPI\bin\Debug\net7.0\runtimes\win\lib\net6.0\System.Runtime.Caching.dll
c:\Users\PREETHI164\OneDrive\Desktop\Angular complete course\blog\BlogAPI\bin\Debug\net7.0\runtimes\win\lib\net6.0\System.Security.Cryptography.ProtectedData.dll
c:\Users\PREETHI164\OneDrive\Desktop\Angular complete course\blog\BlogAPI\bin\Debug\net7.0\runtimes\win\lib\net6.0\System.Windows.Extensions.dll
c:\Users\PREETHI164\OneDrive\Desktop\Angular complete course\blog\BlogAPI\obj\Debug\net7.0\BlogAPI.csproj.AssemblyReference.cache
c:\Users\PREETHI164\OneDrive\Desktop\Angular complete course\blog\BlogAPI\obj\Debug\net7.0\BlogAPI.GeneratedMSBuildEditorConfig.editorconfig
c:\Users\PREETHI164\OneDrive\Desktop\Angular complete course\blog\BlogAPI\obj\Debug\net7.0\BlogAPI.AssemblyInfoInputs.cache
c:\Users\PREETHI164\OneDrive\Desktop\Angular complete course\blog\BlogAPI\obj\Debug\net7.0\BlogAPI.AssemblyInfo.cs
c:\Users\PREETHI164\OneDrive\Desktop\Angular complete course\blog\BlogAPI\obj\Debug\net7.0\BlogAPI.csproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
c:\Users\PREETHI164\OneDrive\Desktop\Angular complete course\blog\BlogAPI\obj\Debug\net7.0\BlogAPI.MvcApplicationPartsAssemblyInfo.cs
c:\Users\PREETHI164\OneDrive\Desktop\Angular complete course\blog\BlogAPI\obj\Debug\net7.0\BlogAPI.MvcApplicationPartsAssemblyInfo.cache
c:\Users\PREETHI164\OneDrive\Desktop\Angular complete course\blog\BlogAPI\obj\Debug\net7.0\staticwebassets\msbuild.BlogAPI.Microsoft.AspNetCore.StaticWebAssets.props
c:\Users\PREETHI164\OneDrive\Desktop\Angular complete course\blog\BlogAPI\obj\Debug\net7.0\staticwebassets\msbuild.build.BlogAPI.props
c:\Users\PREETHI164\OneDrive\Desktop\Angular complete course\blog\BlogAPI\obj\Debug\net7.0\staticwebassets\msbuild.buildMultiTargeting.BlogAPI.props
c:\Users\PREETHI164\OneDrive\Desktop\Angular complete course\blog\BlogAPI\obj\Debug\net7.0\staticwebassets\msbuild.buildTransitive.BlogAPI.props
c:\Users\PREETHI164\OneDrive\Desktop\Angular complete course\blog\BlogAPI\obj\Debug\net7.0\staticwebassets.pack.json
c:\Users\PREETHI164\OneDrive\Desktop\Angular complete course\blog\BlogAPI\obj\Debug\net7.0\staticwebassets.build.json
c:\Users\PREETHI164\OneDrive\Desktop\Angular complete course\blog\BlogAPI\obj\Debug\net7.0\staticwebassets.development.json
c:\Users\PREETHI164\OneDrive\Desktop\Angular complete course\blog\BlogAPI\obj\Debug\net7.0\scopedcss\bundle\BlogAPI.styles.css
c:\Users\PREETHI164\OneDrive\Desktop\Angular complete course\blog\BlogAPI\obj\Debug\net7.0\BlogAPI.csproj.CopyComplete
c:\Users\PREETHI164\OneDrive\Desktop\Angular complete course\blog\BlogAPI\obj\Debug\net7.0\BlogAPI.dll
c:\Users\PREETHI164\OneDrive\Desktop\Angular complete course\blog\BlogAPI\obj\Debug\net7.0\refint\BlogAPI.dll
c:\Users\PREETHI164\OneDrive\Desktop\Angular complete course\blog\BlogAPI\obj\Debug\net7.0\BlogAPI.pdb
c:\Users\PREETHI164\OneDrive\Desktop\Angular complete course\blog\BlogAPI\obj\Debug\net7.0\BlogAPI.genruntimeconfig.cache
c:\Users\PREETHI164\OneDrive\Desktop\Angular complete course\blog\BlogAPI\obj\Debug\net7.0\ref\BlogAPI.dll
C:\Users\admin\Desktop\Internship\blog\BlogAPI\bin\Debug\net7.0\appsettings.Development.json
C:\Users\admin\Desktop\Internship\blog\BlogAPI\bin\Debug\net7.0\appsettings.json
C:\Users\admin\Desktop\Internship\blog\BlogAPI\bin\Debug\net7.0\BlogAPI.exe
C:\Users\admin\Desktop\Internship\blog\BlogAPI\bin\Debug\net7.0\BlogAPI.deps.json
C:\Users\admin\Desktop\Internship\blog\BlogAPI\bin\Debug\net7.0\BlogAPI.runtimeconfig.json
C:\Users\admin\Desktop\Internship\blog\BlogAPI\bin\Debug\net7.0\BlogAPI.dll
C:\Users\admin\Desktop\Internship\blog\BlogAPI\bin\Debug\net7.0\BlogAPI.pdb
C:\Users\admin\Desktop\Internship\blog\BlogAPI\bin\Debug\net7.0\AutoMapper.dll
C:\Users\admin\Desktop\Internship\blog\BlogAPI\bin\Debug\net7.0\AutoMapper.Extensions.Microsoft.DependencyInjection.dll
C:\Users\admin\Desktop\Internship\blog\BlogAPI\bin\Debug\net7.0\Azure.Core.dll
C:\Users\admin\Desktop\Internship\blog\BlogAPI\bin\Debug\net7.0\Azure.Identity.dll
C:\Users\admin\Desktop\Internship\blog\BlogAPI\bin\Debug\net7.0\BCrypt.Net-Next.dll
C:\Users\admin\Desktop\Internship\blog\BlogAPI\bin\Debug\net7.0\Humanizer.dll
C:\Users\admin\Desktop\Internship\blog\BlogAPI\bin\Debug\net7.0\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
C:\Users\admin\Desktop\Internship\blog\BlogAPI\bin\Debug\net7.0\System.Web.Http.dll
C:\Users\admin\Desktop\Internship\blog\BlogAPI\bin\Debug\net7.0\Microsoft.AspNetCore.Authentication.JwtBearer.dll
C:\Users\admin\Desktop\Internship\blog\BlogAPI\bin\Debug\net7.0\Microsoft.AspNetCore.OpenApi.dll
C:\Users\admin\Desktop\Internship\blog\BlogAPI\bin\Debug\net7.0\Microsoft.Bcl.AsyncInterfaces.dll
C:\Users\admin\Desktop\Internship\blog\BlogAPI\bin\Debug\net7.0\Microsoft.Data.SqlClient.dll
C:\Users\admin\Desktop\Internship\blog\BlogAPI\bin\Debug\net7.0\Microsoft.EntityFrameworkCore.dll
C:\Users\admin\Desktop\Internship\blog\BlogAPI\bin\Debug\net7.0\Microsoft.EntityFrameworkCore.Abstractions.dll
C:\Users\admin\Desktop\Internship\blog\BlogAPI\bin\Debug\net7.0\Microsoft.EntityFrameworkCore.Design.dll
C:\Users\admin\Desktop\Internship\blog\BlogAPI\bin\Debug\net7.0\Microsoft.EntityFrameworkCore.Relational.dll
C:\Users\admin\Desktop\Internship\blog\BlogAPI\bin\Debug\net7.0\Microsoft.EntityFrameworkCore.SqlServer.dll
C:\Users\admin\Desktop\Internship\blog\BlogAPI\bin\Debug\net7.0\Microsoft.Extensions.DependencyModel.dll
C:\Users\admin\Desktop\Internship\blog\BlogAPI\bin\Debug\net7.0\Microsoft.Identity.Client.dll
C:\Users\admin\Desktop\Internship\blog\BlogAPI\bin\Debug\net7.0\Microsoft.Identity.Client.Extensions.Msal.dll
C:\Users\admin\Desktop\Internship\blog\BlogAPI\bin\Debug\net7.0\Microsoft.IdentityModel.Abstractions.dll
C:\Users\admin\Desktop\Internship\blog\BlogAPI\bin\Debug\net7.0\Microsoft.IdentityModel.JsonWebTokens.dll
C:\Users\admin\Desktop\Internship\blog\BlogAPI\bin\Debug\net7.0\Microsoft.IdentityModel.Logging.dll
C:\Users\admin\Desktop\Internship\blog\BlogAPI\bin\Debug\net7.0\Microsoft.IdentityModel.Protocols.dll
C:\Users\admin\Desktop\Internship\blog\BlogAPI\bin\Debug\net7.0\Microsoft.IdentityModel.Protocols.OpenIdConnect.dll
C:\Users\admin\Desktop\Internship\blog\BlogAPI\bin\Debug\net7.0\Microsoft.IdentityModel.Tokens.dll
C:\Users\admin\Desktop\Internship\blog\BlogAPI\bin\Debug\net7.0\Microsoft.OpenApi.dll
C:\Users\admin\Desktop\Internship\blog\BlogAPI\bin\Debug\net7.0\Microsoft.SqlServer.Server.dll
C:\Users\admin\Desktop\Internship\blog\BlogAPI\bin\Debug\net7.0\Microsoft.Win32.SystemEvents.dll
C:\Users\admin\Desktop\Internship\blog\BlogAPI\bin\Debug\net7.0\Mono.TextTemplating.dll
C:\Users\admin\Desktop\Internship\blog\BlogAPI\bin\Debug\net7.0\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
C:\Users\admin\Desktop\Internship\blog\BlogAPI\bin\Debug\net7.0\Newtonsoft.Json.Bson.dll
C:\Users\admin\Desktop\Internship\blog\BlogAPI\bin\Debug\net7.0\Npgsql.dll
C:\Users\admin\Desktop\Internship\blog\BlogAPI\bin\Debug\net7.0\Npgsql.EntityFrameworkCore.PostgreSQL.dll
C:\Users\admin\Desktop\Internship\blog\BlogAPI\bin\Debug\net7.0\BouncyCastle.Crypto.dll
C:\Users\admin\Desktop\Internship\blog\BlogAPI\bin\Debug\net7.0\Swashbuckle.AspNetCore.Swagger.dll
C:\Users\admin\Desktop\Internship\blog\BlogAPI\bin\Debug\net7.0\Swashbuckle.AspNetCore.SwaggerGen.dll
C:\Users\admin\Desktop\Internship\blog\BlogAPI\bin\Debug\net7.0\Swashbuckle.AspNetCore.SwaggerUI.dll
C:\Users\admin\Desktop\Internship\blog\BlogAPI\bin\Debug\net7.0\System.CodeDom.dll
C:\Users\admin\Desktop\Internship\blog\BlogAPI\bin\Debug\net7.0\System.Configuration.ConfigurationManager.dll
C:\Users\admin\Desktop\Internship\blog\BlogAPI\bin\Debug\net7.0\System.Drawing.Common.dll
C:\Users\admin\Desktop\Internship\blog\BlogAPI\bin\Debug\net7.0\System.IdentityModel.Tokens.Jwt.dll
C:\Users\admin\Desktop\Internship\blog\BlogAPI\bin\Debug\net7.0\System.Memory.Data.dll
C:\Users\admin\Desktop\Internship\blog\BlogAPI\bin\Debug\net7.0\System.Runtime.Caching.dll
C:\Users\admin\Desktop\Internship\blog\BlogAPI\bin\Debug\net7.0\System.Security.Cryptography.ProtectedData.dll
C:\Users\admin\Desktop\Internship\blog\BlogAPI\bin\Debug\net7.0\System.Security.Permissions.dll
C:\Users\admin\Desktop\Internship\blog\BlogAPI\bin\Debug\net7.0\System.Windows.Extensions.dll
C:\Users\admin\Desktop\Internship\blog\BlogAPI\bin\Debug\net7.0\runtimes\unix\lib\net6.0\Microsoft.Data.SqlClient.dll
C:\Users\admin\Desktop\Internship\blog\BlogAPI\bin\Debug\net7.0\runtimes\win\lib\net6.0\Microsoft.Data.SqlClient.dll
C:\Users\admin\Desktop\Internship\blog\BlogAPI\bin\Debug\net7.0\runtimes\win-arm\native\Microsoft.Data.SqlClient.SNI.dll
C:\Users\admin\Desktop\Internship\blog\BlogAPI\bin\Debug\net7.0\runtimes\win-arm64\native\Microsoft.Data.SqlClient.SNI.dll
C:\Users\admin\Desktop\Internship\blog\BlogAPI\bin\Debug\net7.0\runtimes\win-x64\native\Microsoft.Data.SqlClient.SNI.dll
C:\Users\admin\Desktop\Internship\blog\BlogAPI\bin\Debug\net7.0\runtimes\win-x86\native\Microsoft.Data.SqlClient.SNI.dll
C:\Users\admin\Desktop\Internship\blog\BlogAPI\bin\Debug\net7.0\runtimes\win\lib\net6.0\Microsoft.Win32.SystemEvents.dll
C:\Users\admin\Desktop\Internship\blog\BlogAPI\bin\Debug\net7.0\runtimes\unix\lib\net6.0\System.Drawing.Common.dll
C:\Users\admin\Desktop\Internship\blog\BlogAPI\bin\Debug\net7.0\runtimes\win\lib\net6.0\System.Drawing.Common.dll
C:\Users\admin\Desktop\Internship\blog\BlogAPI\bin\Debug\net7.0\runtimes\win\lib\net6.0\System.Runtime.Caching.dll
C:\Users\admin\Desktop\Internship\blog\BlogAPI\bin\Debug\net7.0\runtimes\win\lib\net6.0\System.Security.Cryptography.ProtectedData.dll
C:\Users\admin\Desktop\Internship\blog\BlogAPI\bin\Debug\net7.0\runtimes\win\lib\net6.0\System.Windows.Extensions.dll
C:\Users\admin\Desktop\Internship\blog\BlogAPI\obj\Debug\net7.0\BlogAPI.csproj.AssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\admin\Desktop\Internship\blog\BlogAPI\obj\Debug\net7.0\BlogAPI.GeneratedMSBuildEditorConfig.editorconfig
C:\Users\admin\Desktop\Internship\blog\BlogAPI\obj\Debug\net7.0\BlogAPI.AssemblyInfoInputs.cache
C:\Users\admin\Desktop\Internship\blog\BlogAPI\obj\Debug\net7.0\BlogAPI.AssemblyInfo.cs
C:\Users\admin\Desktop\Internship\blog\BlogAPI\obj\Debug\net7.0\BlogAPI.csproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
C:\Users\admin\Desktop\Internship\blog\BlogAPI\obj\Debug\net7.0\BlogAPI.MvcApplicationPartsAssemblyInfo.cs
C:\Users\admin\Desktop\Internship\blog\BlogAPI\obj\Debug\net7.0\BlogAPI.MvcApplicationPartsAssemblyInfo.cache
C:\Users\admin\Desktop\Internship\blog\BlogAPI\obj\Debug\net7.0\staticwebassets\msbuild.BlogAPI.Microsoft.AspNetCore.StaticWebAssets.props
C:\Users\admin\Desktop\Internship\blog\BlogAPI\obj\Debug\net7.0\staticwebassets\msbuild.build.BlogAPI.props
C:\Users\admin\Desktop\Internship\blog\BlogAPI\obj\Debug\net7.0\staticwebassets\msbuild.buildMultiTargeting.BlogAPI.props
C:\Users\admin\Desktop\Internship\blog\BlogAPI\obj\Debug\net7.0\staticwebassets\msbuild.buildTransitive.BlogAPI.props
C:\Users\admin\Desktop\Internship\blog\BlogAPI\obj\Debug\net7.0\staticwebassets.pack.json
C:\Users\admin\Desktop\Internship\blog\BlogAPI\obj\Debug\net7.0\staticwebassets.build.json
C:\Users\admin\Desktop\Internship\blog\BlogAPI\obj\Debug\net7.0\staticwebassets.development.json
C:\Users\admin\Desktop\Internship\blog\BlogAPI\obj\Debug\net7.0\scopedcss\bundle\BlogAPI.styles.css
C:\Users\admin\Desktop\Internship\blog\BlogAPI\obj\Debug\net7.0\BlogAPI.csproj.CopyComplete
C:\Users\admin\Desktop\Internship\blog\BlogAPI\obj\Debug\net7.0\BlogAPI.dll
C:\Users\admin\Desktop\Internship\blog\BlogAPI\obj\Debug\net7.0\refint\BlogAPI.dll
C:\Users\admin\Desktop\Internship\blog\BlogAPI\obj\Debug\net7.0\BlogAPI.pdb
C:\Users\admin\Desktop\Internship\blog\BlogAPI\obj\Debug\net7.0\BlogAPI.genruntimeconfig.cache
C:\Users\admin\Desktop\Internship\blog\BlogAPI\obj\Debug\net7.0\ref\BlogAPI.dll
